We should all be appalled by Donald Trump's tweet about Greta Thunberg 

Trump is Trump. He has never behaved in any other way than this. Which doesn't excuse Trump's behavior. But it makes surprise that he acts this way impossible.
What's truly troubling -- and what makes me genuinely mad -- about all of this is that we won't hear condemnation from supporters of Trump (in elected office and out) for this absolutely appalling behavior. 
Why? Because, at this moment in American political history, the party you identify with trumps -- ahem -- everything else including common decency.
Because common decency would dictate that, as a society, we don't condone an adult bullying a 16-year-old girl online. Because we know it's wrong. Because we know if we had a daughter, we wouldn't want her to be bullied by an adult. Much less an adult man. Much less one who is the President of the United States. 

"In today's global society, social media is an inevitable part of our children's daily lives. It can be used in many positive ways, but can also be destructive and harmful when used incorrectly. This is why 'Be Best' chooses to focus on the importance of teaching our next generation how to conduct themselves safely and in a positive manner in an online setting."
Agreed! The dangers of online bullying to our kids are real and only getting worse. That's something on which we can and should all agree!
And yet, when the single most powerful person in the country bullies a 16-year-old girl with Asperger's, there's no reasonable expectation that everyone -- Republican, Democrat and people who could care less about politics -- will roundly condemn this behavior.
Which, what the hell? Our common humanity should dictate that we don't let the President -- or ANY adult -- bully a kid, right? RIGHT? RIGHT.
That we have lost that memory of our common humanity is hugely worrisome. And may well be the lasting legacy of Trump's time in office.

Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds.

In each episode of his weekly YouTube show, Chris Cillizza will delve a little deeper into the surreal world of politics. Click to subscribe!

